Add minimal documentation for tagging (#41)
libero/environments: README.md

An automated deployment process for several Libero standard projects, targeting a single VM [infrastructure](https://github.com/libero/infrastructure) at first, instantiated in multiple environments.

## Deployment

To:

- `unstable`: every `master` build of this repository deploys the newest versions of the projects.

> - `demo`: pushing a new `latest/*` tag (e.g. `latest/20190701`) deploys the newest versions of the projects.

Reviewer: Where should someone push latest to?

Author: Github to the `libero/environments` repository? Will make it clear.

> - `demo`: pushing a new `latest/*` tag (e.g. `latest/20190701`) to the `libero/environments` Github repository deploys the newest versions of the projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `demo`: pushing a new git tag to the `libero/environments` Github repository using the prefix `latest/` deploys the latest docker images to the demo environment.
```

To:

- `unstable`: every `master` build of this repository deploys the newest versions of the projects.

> - `demo`: pushing a new `latest/*` tag (e.g. `latest/20190701`) to the `libero/environments` Github repository deploys the newest versions of the projects.

Reviewer: Is this referring to a new git tag?

Author: yes, not a Docker image tag if that's the source of the confusion
